[MRG] Fix LocalOutlierFactor's output for data with duplicated samples (#28773)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.6.rst

- |Enhancement| Added a function :func:`base.is_clusterer` which determines
  whether a given estimator is of category clusterer.
  :pr:`28936` by :user:`Christian Veenhuis <ChVeen>`.

:mod:`sklearn.metrics`
......................

- |Enhancement| :func:`sklearn.metrics.check_scoring` now accepts `raise_exc` to specify
  whether to raise an exception if a subset of the scorers in multimetric scoring fails
  or to return an error code. :pr:`28992` by :user:`Stefanie Senger <StefanieSenger>`.

:mod:`sklearn.neighbors`
........................

> - |Fix| Added a warning in :class:`_lof.LocalOutlierFactor`'s `fit` method, which is
>   raised when duplicate values in the training data lead to inaccurate outlier detection.
>   :pr:`28773` by :user:`Henrique Caroço <HenriqueProj>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :class:`neighbors.LocalOutlierFactor` raises a warning in the `fit` method
   when duplicate values in the training data lead to inaccurate outlier detection.
  :pr:`28773` by :user:`Henrique Caroço <HenriqueProj>`.
```
